Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright, no church in the wild


Tears on the mausoleum floor
Blood stains the Colosseum doors
Lies on the lips of a priest
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Rolling in the Rolls Royce Corniche
Only the doctors got this, I'm hiding from police
Cocaine seats, all white like I got the whole thing bleached
Drug dealer chic, I'm wondering if a thug's prayers reach
Is Pious pious 'cause God loves pious?
Socrates asked, "Whose bias do y'all seek?"
All for Plato, screech
I'm out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy he laid beats
Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats, preach


Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright, no church in the wild


I live by you, desire
I stand by you, walk through the fire
Your love is my scripture
Let me into your encryption
Yeah, yeah


Coke on her black skin, made a stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there's permission
And deception is the only felony
To never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 AM, I wonder if they got cabs still?
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos, one read, "No apologies"
The other said, "Love is cursed by monogamy"
It's something that the pastor don’t preach
It's something that a teacher can't teach
When we die the money we can't keep
But we probably spend it all 'cause the pain ain't cheap, preach


Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king?
What's a king to a god?
What's a god to a non-believer who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive?
Alright, alright, no church in the wild

No church in the wild, hey
No church in the wild, hey
No church in the wild, hey
No church in the wild, hey
All engine running


We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged, we about to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars, we about to take this whole thing to Mars


Lift off, lift off, takin' my coat off
Showing my tattoos, I'm such a show off, huh
I feel the pain and then roll off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas with me up and in the aisle?
How many people want to roll on me now?
Like you know me by now, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now


We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged, we about to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars, we about to take this whole thing to Mars


Lift off, lift off, ah, like you know me by now
You know me by now, know me, know me by now
You know me, know me by now
Know me, know me by now


Lift off
Rappers hear , they gon' be pissed off
Earth is boring to 'em, shit is making my dick soft
When you Earnhart as me eventually you hit a big wall
Five, four, three, two, we need fuel, lift off


We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged, we about to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
We don't know what we could do to make it this far
So many scars, we about to take this whole thing to Mars

Twenty seconds and counting
T-minus fifteen seconds, guidance is internal
Twelve, eleven, ten, nine, ignition sequence start
Six, five, four, three, two, one, zero, all engine running
Lift off, we have a lift off


Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon'
Now we gon', now we gon' take it to the moon
Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon'
Now we gon', now we gon' take it to the moon

Take it to the stars
Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon'
Now we gon', now we gon' take it to the moon
Take it to the stars

How many people you know can take it this far?
Take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now
We're gonna skate to one song, one song only


Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me

So I ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna find me, first niggas gotta find me
What's fifty grand to a motherfucker like me, can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy, y'all don't know that don't shit phase me
The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I look at you like this shit gravy
Ball so hard, this shit weird, we ain't even supposed to be here
Ball so hard, since we here, it's only right that we be fair
Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
Ball so hard, I'm shocked, too, I'm supposed to be locked up, too
If you escaped what I've escaped, you'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
Ball so hard, let's get faded, Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin' ace on my sick J's
Ball so hard, bitch behave, just might let you meet Ye
Chi town's D. Rose, I'm movin' the Nets to BK


Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me
(That shit cray, that shit cray
That shit cray)
Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me
(That shit cray, that shit cray
That shit cray)


She said, "Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all"
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, that shit cray, ain't it Jay?
(Ball so hard) What she order, what she order, fish filet?
(Ball so hard) Your whip so cold, whip so cold, this old thing
(Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand, fuck that bitch, she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French but I'm in France, haha, I'm just sayin'
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me
'Cause if I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci, my nigga? What's Louis, my killa?
What's drugs, my deala? What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest 'cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh


(I don't even know what that means)
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative
(No it's not, it's gross)
Gets the people going


Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me
Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me


You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin', actin' like the summer ain't mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone, I'm definitely in my zone
It makes it easier, easier to bear
You won't regret it, no, no, no
Some girls, they don't forget it
Love is their whole happiness
Squee-squee-squee-squeeze her (Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? Ow)
Don't tease her, never leave her


I invented swag
Poppin' bottles, putting supermodels in the cab
Proof
I guess I got my swagger back, truth
New watch alert, Hublots
Or the big face Rollie, I got two of those
Arm out the window through the city, I maneuver slow
Cock back, snap back, see my cut through the holes


Damn Yeezy and Hov, where the hell ya been?
Niggas talking real reckless, stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I'm about to make them tuck their whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, but I'm about to go dumb again
They ain't seen me 'cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up 'cause we in this bitch another 'gain


Photoshoot fresh, looking like wealth
I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Uh, live from the Mercer
Run up on Yeezy the wrong way, I might murk ya
Flee in the G450 I might surface
Political refugee, asylum can be purchased
Uh, everything's for sale
Got five passports, I'm never going to jail


I made Jesus Walks, I'm never going to Hell
Couture level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs, you ain't been nowhere, huh?
And all the ladies in the house got them showing off
I'm done, I'll hit you up mañana


Welcome to Havana
Smoking Cubanas with Castro in cabanas
Viva México, Cubano
Dominicano, all the plugs that I know
Driving Benzes with no benefits
Not bad, huh, for some immigrants?
Build your fences, we digging tunnels
Can't you see we gettin' money up under you?


Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker reads, "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin' (Uh), Ye is chillin' (Uh)
What more can I say? We killing 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lames
Lord please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne


Squeeze her, don't tease her, never leave her
Squeeze her, don't tease her, never leave her
Squeeze her, don't tease her, never leave her
Turn my headphones up
Louder
Uh-huh, uh-huh


What you need, what, what you need
I got what you need, what, what you need
What you need, what, what you need
(Oh) I got what you need


'Ello, 'ello, 'ello, hello white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony or who gon' try to embarrass ya?
I'ma need a day off, I think I’ll call Ferris up
(Bueller had a Mueller, but I switched it for a Miele
'Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit was movin’ freebase)
Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah), Puerto Rico three-days
(Parlay with them PDs, now they got our shit on replay)
Sorry I'm in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
(Ain’t that where the Heat play?) Yep (Niggas hate ballers these days)
Ain’t that like LeBron James? (Ain't that just like D-Wade? Wait)


What you need, what, what you need
I got what you need, what, what you need
What you need, what, what you need
I got what you need
(Wassup, wassup, wassup, wassup)


Wassup, motherfucker, where my money at?
You gon’ make me come down to your house where yo' mummy at?
Mummy wrap the kids, have 'em cryin' for they mummy back
Dummy that your daddy is, tell ‘em I just want my racks
(Racks on racks on racks) Racks
(Maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs) Who in that?
(Oh shit, it’s just blacks on blacks on blacks
Hundred stack) How you get it? (Nigga, layin' raps on tracks)
I wish I could give you this feelin', I'm planking on a million
I'm riding through yo' hood, you can bank I ain't got no ceiling
(Made a left on Nostrand Ave.) Right (We in Bed Stuy)
Made a right on 79th, I’m coming down South Shore Drive
(I remain Chi-town) Brooklyn till I die


Take 'em on home, take 'em on home
Take 'em on home, take 'em on home
I got what you need, what, what you need
Take 'em on home
What you need, what, what you need
I got what you need, what, what you need
Take 'em on home, take 'em on home
Take 'em on home, take 'em on home
Tryna hurt my name, huh?
Yeah, uh
(Sun in the sky, you know how I feel) Me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin' on by) Yeah, me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin' on by) Uh
It's a new life for me, yeah, it's a new life, it's a new life
It's a new life for me) Uh
(And I'm feelin' good) Yeah, uh


And I'll never let my son have an ego
He'll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean I might even make him be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I'll never let him leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind
And I'll never let him ever hit the telethon
I mean even if people dyin' and the world ends
See, I just want him to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life
Just want him to be someone people like
Don't want him to be hated all the time, judged
Don't be like your daddy that would never budge
And I'll never let him ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain't the place to get love
And I'll never let his mom move to LA
Knowin' she couldn't take the pressure now we all pray


(Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
It's a new life for me, yeah, it's a new life, it's a new life) Me and the RZA connect
(It's a new life for me) Me and the RZA connect
(Ooh, and I'm feelin' good)
Yeah


Sorry junior, I already ruined ya
'Cause you ain't even alive, paparazzi pursuin' ya
Sins of a father make your life ten times harder
I just wanna take ya to a barber
Bondin' on charters, all the shit that I never did
Teach you good values so you cherish it
Took me twenty-six years to find my path
My only job is cut the time in half
So at thirteen, we'll have our first drink together
Black bar mitzvahs, mazel tov, mogul talk
Look a man dead in his eyes so he know you talk truth
When you speak it, give your word, keep it
And if the day comes I only see him on the weekend
I just pray we was in love on the night that we conceived him
Promise to never leave him even if his mama tweakin'
'Cause my dad left me and I promise never repeat him
Never repeat him, never repeat him


Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
It's a new life for me, yeah, it's a new life, it's a new life
It's a new life for me
Ooh, and I'm feelin' good

Sun in the sky, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
Breeze driftin' on by, you know how I feel
It's a new life for me, yeah, it's a new life, it's a new life
It's a new life for me
Ooh, and I'm feelin'
Birds flyin' high, you know how I feel
Hello, can I speak to, uh
Yeah, you know who you are, look

You had no idea what ya dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Pop champagne, I'll give you a sip
'Bout to go dumb, how come?
Yeah, that's my bitch

That's my bitch
Shorty right there? That's my bitch
That's my bitch


I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high


I paid for them titties, get your own
It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne
She say I care more about them basquions
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's yacht
Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her
Seat by actors, ball players and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas
Twisted love story, True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance
I'm a freak, huh, rock star life
The second girl with us, that's our wife
Hey boys and girls, I got a new riddle
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle?
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money I put Monie in the middle
Where she at? In the middle


I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
High, high, high


Swilling little licks and mixes till mornin'
I'm yearnin', ooh yeah
Could I maybe have another dab of your potion?
Stop motion, ooh yeah


Go harder than a nigga for a nigga, go figure
Told me keep my own money if we ever did split up
How can somethin' so gangsta be so pretty in pictures?
Ripped jeans and a blazer and some Louboutin slippers
Uh, Picasso was alive he woulda made her
That's right nigga, Mona Lisa can't fade her
I mean Marilyn Monroe, she's quite nice
But why all the pretty icons always all white?
Put some colored girls in the MoMA
Half these broads ain't got nothing on Willona
Don't make me bring Thelma in it
Bring Halle, bring Penélope and Salma in it
Back to my Beyoncés
You deserve three stacks, word to André
Call Larry Gagosian, you belong in museums
You belong in vintage clothes crushing the whole building
You belong with niggas who used to be known for dope dealing
You too dope for any of those civilians
Now shoo children, stop looking at her tits
Get ya own dog, ya heard? That's my bitch


I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life and live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
High, high, high
Uh
Right
Oh
Oh
Right
One, two (Yeah), one, two (Ay)

Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well (Yeah) (Yeah)
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well (Yeah) (Uh) (Yeah)
(I asked her where she wanna be when she 25
She turned around and looked at me and she said, “Alive”)
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well (Uh), oh


Black Axl Rose, move halfs and wholes (Right)
Come down to the jungle, just ask for Hov (Right)
Move blocks and squares, move apples and pears (Oh)
Work pots and pans, just to cop me some Airs (Goddamnit)
My uncle died, my daddy did too (Ay)
Paralyzed by the pain, I can barely move
My nephew gone, my heart is torn
Sometimes I look to the sky, ask why I was born
My faith in God, every day is hard
Every night is worse, that's why I pray so hard


Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all
So que será, get a case of Syrah (Welcome to the jungle)
Let it chase the pain, before it goes too far (Yeah)


My dreams is big, reality set in
Let off a clip from a automatic weapon (Yeah)
Through shots in the door, it died in Vegas
Though it fought so hard, I knew it wouldn't make it
I'm a tortured soul, I live in disguise
Rest in peace to the leader of the Jackson 5 (Ooh)
I died in my sleep, I'm still Big Pimpin'
I ball at the mall, beginning of the ending
Where the fuck is the sun? It’s been a while (Yeah)
Momma, look at ya son, what happened to my smile?
My tears is tatted, my rag in my pocket
I'm just looking for love, I know somebody got it
Champagne for the pain, weed for the low
Goddamn, I'm so high, where the fuck did I go?
I'm losing myself, I'm stuck in the moment
I look in the mirror, my only opponent
Where the fuck is the press? Where the fuck is the pres?
Either they know or don't care, I'm fucking depressed
No crying in public, just lying to judges
Risking my life, I'm already dying, so fuck it well


Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well
Goddammit
I can't stop

I can't stop


This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Till I die I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for)

Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me, huh?
(Yeah, who gon' stop me?)


No brakes, I need State Farm
So many watches I need eight arms
One neck but got eight charms
Who gon' stop me huh?


Niggas talking, they bitchmade, ixnay off my dicksnay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon' stop me huh?
Last night ain't go so well got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, yes, tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman, well that's cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces


This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Till I die I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for)

Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah's circle (Yeah, yeah)
I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you (Let's go)
(Who gon' stop me huh?)


Beat the odds, beat the Feds
It wouldn't be wise to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift, six to six
Give me one shot, one pot
I'll show up in all white, wearin' no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I'm a dope boy, they don’t have no proof
I'm three steps removed, I know how to move
It's looking like I don't know how to lose
I'm winning again, I'm at the Wynn
I'm at the table, I'm gamblin'
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven
I went through Hell, I'm expectin' Heaven
I'm owed, I throwed and I stuck to the G-code
I'm here, oh yeah, I promise I ain't going nowhere
Okay here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I'm allergic to havin' bunny ears like broke, like nope
Like ha, I ain't no joke, I can't be stopped like nope, like nope
Extend the beat, Noah

Two seats in the 911, uh, no limit on the Black Card, uh
Told y'all I was gonna go HAM, uh, till the ocean was my backyard, uh
No lies in my verses, hey, please pardon all the curses, hey
Shit gotta come some way, fuck, when you're growing up worthless
Middle finger to my old life, uh, special shoutout to my old head, uh
If it wasn't for your advice, uh, a nigga would have been so dead, uh
I'm living life till these niggas kill me, turn this up if you niggas feel me
I'm riding dirty, tryna get filthy, Pablo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA and I did all of this without a diploma
Graduated from the corner, y'all can play me for a motherfuckin' fool if you wanna
Street-smart and I'm book smart, coulda been a chemist 'cause I cook smart
Only thing that can stop me is me, hey, and I'mma stop when the hook start, hold up


This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Till I die I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for)
Uh, bloody murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder


Paper read, "Murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read, "Murder, black-on-black murder" again


This is to the memory of Danroy Henry
Too much enemy fire to catch a friendly
Strays from the same shade nigga, we on the same team
Giving you respect, I expect the same thing
All-black everything, nigga you know my fresh code
I'm out here fighting for you, don't increase my stress load
Niggas watching the throne, very happy to be you
Power to the people, when you see me, see you


And I'm from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like, "Damn, I was just with him after school"
No shop class but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot repping his avenue
It's time for us to stop and redefine black power
Forty-one souls murdered in fifty hours

The paper read "Murder, black-on-black murder"
The paper read "Murder, black-on-black murder" again
Murder again

Is it genocide?
'Cause I can still hear his mama cries
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain't got enough room for all the tombs
It's a war going on outside we ain't safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
Three hundred-fourteen soldiers died in Iraq, five hundred-nine died in Chicago


I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died
Uh, real niggas just multiply
And they say by twenty-one I was supposed to die
So I'm out here celebrating my post-demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to ensure your survival
You gon' end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up, Blood? Uh, what up, cuz?
Uh, it's all black, uh, I love us


The paper read, "Murder, black-on-black murder"
The paper read, "Murder, black-on-black murder" again
Black-on-black murder again
Black-on-black murder again


It's a celebration of black excellence
Black tie, black Maybachs, uh yeah, uh

Black excellence, opulence, decadence
Tuxes next to the president, I'm present
I dress in Dries and other boutique stores in Paris
In sheepskin coats, I silence the lambs
Do you know who I am, Clarice?
No cheap cologne whenever I shh-shh
Success never smelled so sweet
I stink of success, the new black elite
They say my Black Card bears the mark of the beast
I repeat: my religion is the beat
My verse is like church, my Jesus piece
Now please, domino, domino
Only spot a few blacks the higher I go
What's up to Will? Shout out to O
That ain't enough, we gonna need a million more
"Kick in the Door" Biggie flow
I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go


Yeah it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go
So we won't take the time out till we reach the T-O-P
From parolees to hold G's, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG's
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see, black guys?
What's the life expectancy for black guys?
The system's working effectively, that's why
I'll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
'Cause ain't nothin' on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain't nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You're the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours
It'll bring you out the, out the darkness

Sweet King Martin, sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm, sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet Father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America

Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America, yes we did


I told my mama I was on the come up
She said, "You going to school, I'll give you a summer"
Then she met No I.D. and gave me his number
Ten years later she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply
Downtown mixing fabrics tryna find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic
Uh, a million hits and the web crashes, damn
South Park had them all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin'
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show motherfucker, we live it


Sweet King Martin, sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm, sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet Father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America

Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America, yes we did


I pledge allegiance to my Grandma
For that banana pudding, our piece of Americana
Our apple pie was supplied through Arm and Hammer
Straight out the kitchen, shh, don't wake nana
Built a republic that still stands
I'm tryna lead a nation to leave to my little man's
Or my daughter so I'm boiling this water
The scales was lopsided, I'm just restoring order
Hold up, here comes grandma, what's up yaya?
What's that smell? Oh I'm just boiling some agua
No papa, bad Santa
The streets raised me, pardon my bad manners
I got my liberty chopping grams up
Street justice, I pray God understand us
I pledge allegiance to all the scramblers
This is the Star Spangled Banner


Sweet King Martin, sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm, sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet Father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America

Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America, yes we did

Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, we made it in America, yes we did
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know


Picture if you will that the throne's burning
Rome's burning and I'm sitting in the corner all alone burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we don’t determine
Same people that I fought for, that I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead but I'm so sorry but I just can't die for you
But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over
I'll be fly when Easter's over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So the love is gone 'til blood is drawn
So we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told after all that said
Niggas still got love for you


Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know


Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces before you swept on it
Goddamn this shit leaves a mess, don't it?
Shit feelin' like death, don't it?
Charge it to the game, whatever's left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly pelican fly, turn the jets on it but first I shall digress on it
Wasn't I a good king? (Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?)
Didn't I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
(Huh, I gave you my loyalty) Made you royalty and royalties
(Took care of these niggas' lawyer fees) And this is how niggas rewardin' me, damn


Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know


Bussin' at me, b-b-b-bussin' at me
But I'm bullet proof, bitch you can’t get nothin' past me
Got body armor (A nigga gotta watch the throne)
And I'm bussin' back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turns the hate?
(Gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes)
Caesar didn't see it so he ceased to exist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brother’s keeper? (Only if that nigga don’t creep up)
Got a pistol under my pillow (I've never been a deep sleeper)
P-p-p-paranoia ('Cause the nigga that said he'll)
Blast for ya (Is now) blastin' for ya
That's an assassin for ya (These niggas got a shot they’ll shoot)
Please Lord (Forgive him) for these niggas (Not know) what they do, ooh
*3 Minute Pause*
[Intro: Kanye West]
1985 white Lamborghini Countach, 2 of 'em

[Hook: Kanye]
I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion
Feeling like Hype Williams shooting a nigga
Shooting a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ay, ay

[Verse 1: Kanye]
Damn baby pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero Zero Zero Zero, a whole lot of 0's
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah you after money
Bullet proof condom when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick (why?) fuckin' centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on feelin' like Jerome
She got her fur too, we got our his-and-her on
Don't look at the jewelry, or get your blurr on
Too close, you comatose so dope you overdose
Get back, you overclose
Oh no, the hood was strugglin'
But then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo...
Collo Drolo sponsered by Manalo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah and I'm cold bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed

[Hook: Kanye & Jay-Z]
Take it how you want til a nigga dead
Til then I'm the illest motherfucker alive
Whole world aiming at a nigga head
Because I'm the illest motherfucker alive

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
King HOV, I'm exactly what the fuck you think
11 in a row, Bill Russell rings
Michael Jordan swag, yall think Michael Jordan bad
Nigga, I got 5 more rings than Michael Jordan had!
Elvis has left the building, now I'm on the Beatles ass
Niggas hear Watch The Throne, yeah it's like the Beatles back
Bey Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih Rih complete my family
Imagine how that's goin look front row at the Grammys
Fuck your awards like Eddie Murphy's couch
Da Roc is in the building we should have stayed in the house
I don't even know what we doing here
Seems to me a complete waste of gear
Just a fuckin' waste of time, a complete waste of bottles
Niggas fashion is weak, they be wastin' all the models
Got the oversized Rolley let me show the how to do it
When I say it then you see, it ain't only in the music
Basquiats, Warhols serving as my muses my house like a museum
So I see em when I'm peeing
Usually you have this much taste you European
That's the end of that way of thinking, nigga never again
Know when to leave when the heat is coming I learned that
This is where DeNiro would be if he ain't turn back
Fuck Sosa, this HOV-a: this is real life
This is what the ending of Scarface should feel like

[Hook: Kanye]
I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shooting a nigga, shooting a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ay, ay

[Outro: Kid Cudi]
I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion (x5)
[Verse 1: Kanye West]
It was all good just a week ago
Niggas feel they selves
And they watch the throne drop
Niggas kill themselves

What are niggas gon' do Hov?
This a new crack on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that
Niggas telling me you back

Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch huh?
And if life's a bitch then suck my dick huh?
And I bet she fucked the whole clique huh?
By the way nigga you should fucking quit nigga

Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it
Joke's on you motherfucker, I get it
No paper hoe but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?

Historically I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga
Doing H•A•M nigga, me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, wanna have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit

Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn a nigga's glad he hit
Got 'em jumping out the building, watch out below
A million out the door

[Hook]
I'm about to go H•A•M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know
Who I am

I'm about to go H•A•M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know
Who I am

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Fuck y'all mad at me for?
Y'all don't even know what I've been through
I played chicken with a Mack truck
Y'all muthafuckas would've been moved

I swam waters with Great Whites
Y'all muthafuckas would've been chewed
I hustled with vultures late nights
Y'all muthafuckas would've been food

Fuck is wrong with these dudes?
Try to walk around in these shoes
See the shit I saw growing up
Then maybe you could take a peek at these, boo

Niggas fantasize about the shit that I do daily
Like, these rappers rap about
All the shit that I do - really!
I'm like really half a billion nigga

Really, you got baby money
Keep it real with niggas
Niggas ain't got my lady's money!
Watch the throne: no steppin' on it, bro!
Bad enough to let you step in the club

With my nephew die, daddy dead
Nigga took the price on my uncle's head
Nobody called the cops as my uncle bled
So I feel like I would like to know my uncle's bread

Bow down, brotha pay homage
Don't spill hate all on my garments
Comme des Garcons, fuck yo' fresh
Headshots nigga, fuck your vest
Fuck the pigs, don't talk to the law
Peace God, 'cause you know a nigga gets
H•A•M

[Hook]
I'm about to go H•A•M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know
Who I am

I'm about to go H•A•M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know
Who I am
[Intro: Jay-Z]
We in the time of our lives, baby
Turn the music up
Primetime

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Primetime, beat by Dion
A third eon, that's what the fuck we on
More money, 40-year old phenom
My fifteen minutes of fame is stretched beyond
At 42, I'll be better than 24's
I carry the 4-5 master 48 laws
Still wearing my 23's, they can't fuck with the boy
Far as them 16's, I'm 23 up in all
Primetime, riding that 6 deuce
That 9/11, I only subtract the roof
Started in '88, got warm in '92
I landed in '96, that's the year I came through
I hit the club, order some Grey Goose
Switched it for Ciroc to give Puff's stocks a boost
New money, I found a fountain of youth
I'm heading to Miami to fuck up the Fontaine Bleu
A case of Ace... make it 2
Nigga we rollin', keep the deuce
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do

[Hook: Kanye West]
The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Primetime, basking in the lime
Cassius in his prime, coloring out of the line
Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines
So I'm late as a motherfucker, colored people time
Damn, Yeezy, it all gotta be dimes?
Well Adam gave up a rib, so mine better be prime
Niggas gonna kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind
Primetime, never hit these heights
I mean it's like
It's like a first first-class flight, I'm tripping on it
Socks on marble floors, I'm slipping on it
Champagne I'm sipping on, the shit tastes different, don't it?
You know what? You right
It's like the best damn champagne I had in my life
"When you coming home?" That's a text from my wife
I told her run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker 'til I call you back
I mean, who says shit like that, and doesn't laugh?

[Hook: Kanye West]
The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?
A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
A grave expression of happiness
Boy, you could'nt miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you
It is true, the makings of you, oh


I do it for the fore-fathers and the street authors
That are not A&R's in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
Girls thats way too fine for us to keep off us
Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood planned parenthood
Cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that plan B pill
Another shorty that won't make it to the family will
If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
They aint crazy they don't know how insanity feel
Don C just had a shorty so it's not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
A grave expression of happiness
Boy, you could'nt miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you
It is true, the makings of you, oh


No Electro, no metro, a little retro, I perfecto
You know the demo, ya boy act wild
You aint get the memo, Yeezy's back in style
Now when Rome go Gidget the other got Bridget
What's more tripped out though is they sisters
Nah, you aint listen, they black, they sisters
They momma named them after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the Jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian
Stupid questions like "Is he gon' be dope again?

Have You seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?"
This beat deserves Hennessy, a bad bitch and a bag of weed: the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy,
Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity

A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
A grave expression of happiness
Boy, you could'nt miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you
It is true, the makings of you, oh


This is my momma' shit
I used to hear this through the walls in the hood when I was back in my pyjama shit
Afros and marijuana sticks, seeds and the ganja hat will be popping like the sample that I'm rhyming with
Pete Rock, let the needle drop
I seen so much as a kid they surprised I don't needle pop
Taking sips of pop, six packs of millanips
Pink champel, Valentine L
Bally's on my feet help me balance out well
That and the shit I used to balance on the scale
I got it, honest, from the parties from my momma's
Virgin Mary's try to judge her, I'm like "where the Madonna's now?"
Give all glory to Gloria, they said "you raised that boy too fast, but you was raising a warrior"
We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us

Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up
Yeaaaah, okay

It's Pete Rock, Kanye, One, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, One, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, One, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, One, two, okay
